okay you want to see one of my quick
dishes I make up for myself for lunch
this is in here I'm cook some chickpeas
yesterday that's what it appears I'm
sure that you falling over there but
that's a chickpea and in this I'm going
to add some onions some tomatoes that I
just got out of the garden see beautiful
tomatoes straight out together and I'm
not going to give you measurements
because you add whatever you want any
amount you want i'm going to add some
celery some capsicum green capsicum some
red capsicum and cucumber and lots and
lots of coriander and on your checking
account corn and if i had um freshman i
would have used fresh corn as you well
know i would now into this i'm going to
squeeze the juice of one lime
Oh your watches this makes the salad so
that i'm going to add a spoonful of
sugar yes sugar and cracked pepper
beautiful or summat vinegar olive oil
spoon and I'm going to toss it all I
could have made that vinaigrette
beforehand and gave it a good shaking
but to me i'm lazy so to me this is just
as good now i'm going to put that in the
fridge for 1 hour and i'm going to toss
it again and then i'm going to sit down
with a great big bowl with this with my
spanish rice and have that to lunch yeah
oh it's beautiful matching fresh
vegetables let my friend is one of my
easy dishes I would make myself a lunch
enjoy